留学生怎么申请信用卡You have to know this: Credit Card and Credit Record
在美国生活维护好自己的信用记录是保持生活质量的很重要的一部分。我没有讲什么还款啊，欠钱不还利息死高这类东西，我觉得多数人都知道欠银行钱划不着。

Living in America, maintain a good credit is an essential part of obtaining your life quality.I didn't cover anything about how much interest you have to pay if you don't pay your statement in full. I consider that as common sense.

提供信用报告的公司：
where you can get your credit report:

Http://www.transunion.com/CreditReport
http://www.experian.com/
http://www.equifax.com
Another great information from "Heaven" !!
除了前面有人提到的citi，BOA也可以无SSN申请信用卡的。
笑死了，第一次见还有称现金的啊，能准吗
BTW you didn't have anything stealed, it was stolen.
citi 有个卡接受无ssn 开卡
没ssn别人就不能给你信用记录插一刀吧？
Most banks in the US use counting machines.  Was wondering do you prefer the American banking system or the Chinese one?  I've heard they have an entire shadow banking system.
Don't forget one thing in the USA. Anyone that puts a negative report on your record you can sue. You can sue them for actual damages. Anyone that puts  a negative report on your record w/o a court verdict can be sued.  A simple disagreement or anything in their "opinion" does not work. Anybody can make up a story you did not pay your rent. Never mind you stopped paying your rent because the LL refused to fix the furnace in December in Minnesota. Sue the bastard. It's like on a job resume, all they cab do is say you worked from such time to another time, all else is a matter of "OPINION". and Opinions are like assholes, everyone has one.
Just a suggestion, I think many Americans like myself would enjoy, if you'd do videos about China.  Like if you do a holiday video about US, I'd like to learn about a Chinese holiday.  I don't understand why the culture is so closed off.
If anyone puts a negative on your credit report sue them. Or at least threaten to sue them, one can show real damages. They will take it off so as not to litigate.  Secondly a good credit report is not always a good thing. Banks look for suckers with good reports. USE CASH and save your money.
